{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:01  \
So, thanks for joining. So I've just got a few questions to ask surrounding the game, just to get your thoughts and stuff. So the first question is like, for, for this statement, I found the game fun. Would you strongly agree? Agree? Are you neutral? Do you disagree? or strongly disagree with that statement?\
\
Participant #1  0:35  \
I agree. \
\
Robert Pringle  0:35  \
Sweet. Yeah, I can hear you. It's just a wee bit laggy. So the next question is, what? which aspects of the game? Did you find fun? And which aspects? Did you not find fun?\
\
Participant #1  0:52  \
I find gathering the coin fun and talking with the other player to tell each other the locations. But I did think that it was a little bit linear, in that all you could do was gather the coins, it would have been nice to have another aspect to the game.\
\
Robert Pringle  1:05  \
Yeah, that's. That's fine. Because that's going to be honest, because I implemented that last night just quickly for the evaluation, but I'm gonna implement more for the final evaluation. If that makes sense. Yeah. Right. So anything else now? drew edge?\
\
Participant #1  1:34  \
No it's good.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Robert Pringle  1:35  \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sweet. So did you identify any bugs while playing the game and not sure what were there?\
\
Participant #1  1:45  \
Yeah, whenever  you first gathered a coin, you would then be stuck going that direction you were facing. Talking in chat your  name would change to whoever last sent a message. For example, if I was in the game and my name would be Ollie. But then if you sent a message the name would have then changed to Pringle. Okay. \
\
Robert Pringle  2:08  \
So when you gathered a coin sent you  were sent in one direction, out of control? Can I also ask what web browser you're using?\
\
Participant #1  2:22  \
Chrome. Firefox To start off with, I didn't work. So the other issue I had is that it didn't work with firefox.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:36  \
Then there's the issue about the name. So the names would stack when someone said the message did you say?\
\
Participant #1  2:43  \
Yeah. \
\
also, whenever he were, whenever I was registering the signup form, you know, the way you have like your guide text saying like your name here,  or enter your password here, whatever. Wherever you would type your username or password, that text wouldn't go away.\
\
Robert Pringle  3:09  \
Aw really, okay. Was there anyyhing else or was that all the bugs you identified? \
\
Participant #1  3:18  \
No that was it.\
\
Robert Pringle  3:21  \
Thank you. So of all the aspects of the game, which do you think could be improved? Or like the whole application as a whole, but like, you know, I mean,\
\
Participant #1  3:34  \
I would like to see a map being introduced. Yeah. If that's possible. I don't know. I feel like the maybe the layout of the actual map itself could be improved a little bit. But I got some at some point to be blocked off by trees, which is obviously the edge of the map. But then sometimes you wouldn't be able to move somewhere because of the trees inside the map. I don't know if it's designed to be\
\
Robert Pringle  3:58  \
Yeah, no, it's supposed to be like that. Yeah, it was it was supposed to block you off.\
\
Participant #1  4:03  \
Yeah, man, I think that's it. Really? Yeah, just the same as before. Let me be nice to have something that's not as linear, but it is just an alpha version\
\
Robert Pringle  4:13  \
So less linear. And then would you have any, like,  like stuff that's just not in it just now. Would you have like any suggestions for further features like something that's not even been like considered yet, let's say?\
\
Participant #1  4:26  \
I don't know. It'd be nice to have some kind of, like actual interaction for working together. So for example, if you help someone to get a coin, I don't know how that would work. But they you might get bonus points or something. Like tasks that you need two people to work together. So you need two people to be working together to get the coin like you both need to be standing on like a trapdoor or something for it to work or something likethat. \
\
Robert Pringle  4:54  \
Yeah, so two people that man, so two people mandatory quests. Where we need two people to play. \
\
Participant #1  5:05  \
like if you had like a trapdoor in the ground and have one poison stand on it, it wouldn't work. But if two people stood on it you're allowed to go through. Like, you need to be like, Hey, could you come here to do this with me?\
\
Robert Pringle  5:18  \
Yeah, no, sorry. Thank you very much. So. And last question. Just have any final comments and I'll be doing my Is there anything else that you've got? That you thought they've not been asked?\
\
Participant #1  5:32  \
No, I don't think so. I think it was good.\
\
Robert Pringle  5:33  \
I thank you very much for your help.\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}