{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:04  \
All right, so I'm just gonna ask you a few questions about the game. So the first question is, how much do you like? Do you strongly agree? Agree? Are you neutral? disagree? strongly disagree? to the statement, I found the game fun. \
\
Participant #2  0:23  \
neutral. \
\
Robert Pringle  0:24  \
So question two, which aspects of the games did you find fun and which aspects of the games did you not find fun?\
\
Participant #2  0:33  \
Moving on the map was fun. Like the obstacles like the trees, like going up the hills was good fun the ladder, the cave, and going into different buildings as well, I thought it was pretty nice. Yeah. And maybe the movement was a bit buggy.  It was pretty It was pretty easy to get to get hold off.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:52  \
That's sweet did you find like the the, like the time constraint on the quest fun\
\
Participant #2  0:59  \
yeah, I mean it didn't complete it. So. It definitely, yeah, it was good.\
\
Robert Pringle  1:04  \
Right. So, was there any aspect you didn't enjoy?\
\
Participant #2  1:11  \
It was that the the movement so those that we glitch were immediately stuck moving one way. Yeah, but it wasn't that bad. You get out of it eventually.  Yeah. And  I thought the communication was pretty good like the chat is very quite easy to type. Yeah, chatting to people and stuff.\
\
Robert Pringle  1:29  \
Right now. Cheers. Thank you. So the next question is, did you identify any bugs while playing the game or like, or like when logging in or registering for the application?\
\
Participant #2  1:41  \
Nope logging in was pretty easy. Yeah. And other than that movement bug, I didn't notice anything.\
\
Robert Pringle  1:50  \
So what was the movement bug specifically?\
\
Participant #2  1:56  \
so I noticed that I would get I would get stuck going one direction where the user said that when you go over the coins, if you hold the direction you're moving when you hit the coin, then like a stuck go in that direction for like a wee bit. You get out of it eventually. Yeah. Okay. Just like hitting in the buttons. But yeah, that was it really\
\
Robert Pringle  2:17  \
nice, sweet. Thank you. And second, last question is, do you have any, like, suggestions of like, further features into the game?\
\
Participant #2  2:32  \
Maybe the different areas of the map if you add like, names for each area, just like on the floor? Yeah, they're quite big, so like in COD  so then I could be like, Oh, this coins in, you know, this coins in church, rather than just having to like, identify the bits. when you're walking over to see the desert bit of it said like,  sand or it was like hills, and then like a church. And like main village or something. I mean, then you could then like, identify, like, you'd like all there two coins here in church or whatever. \
\
Robert Pringle  3:07  \
That's pretty good. And then anything else? So\
\
Participant #2  3:10  \
Nah not really\
\
Robert Pringle  3:13  \
then just have any last questions. You don't have to answer but you have any other comments?\
\
Participant #2  3:21  \
Are you making more the building's like accessible?\
\
Robert Pringle  3:24  \
Yeah, so I'm planning on making again, it's quite an early version of the game. So I'm planning on making them all accessible, and then add in like, so it's like, instead of like, when you join the game, you just have to pick up the coins that you have to like, speak to someone to start the quest. So they'll be like four. I think I'm important for different quests. But anyway, you'll you'll see that if you do the final evaluation, yeah. All right. Well, thank you very much.\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}