{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:01  \
So, thanks for coming. Hope you enjoyed join the game. I've just got a few questions to ask you about like just about the game, like just so I can like get like a further understanding of like, what you enjoyed, like what you think could be improved, etc. So the first question is I'm going to ask you all strongly agree or strongly disagree, you agree with this statement? I found the game fun. So do you either strongly agree, agree, are you neutral, disagree, or strongly disagree?\
\
Participant #3  0:32  \
I would agree with that statement.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:35  \
Thank you. So basically, just to give an insight into what aspects of the games, did you find fun? And why whath aspects Did you? Did you also find any aspects that weren't as fun?\
\
Participant #3  0:48  \
I like the kind of competitive aspects of the game. To know where to find a set of 10 coins within 10 minutes. I thought I was fun. What did I not enjoy? I think what didnt I enjoy?\
\
I didn't enjoy it,  I thought some of the bugs got in the way of the game slightly. So when I was walking around with my companion, it was hard to tell who they were because they didn't have the correct name tag on top of them. I don't know if that really influenced the fun. Yeah, I think it was fun.\
\
Robert Pringle  1:30  \
Thank you. So the next question is, did you identify any bugs while playing the game? And if you did, what were they?\
\
Participant #3  1:41  \
Yeah, so there was a couple, one with the name tags. So when I first spawned in I didn't have a name tag on the character. But then as soon as I typed in the chat my name tag came up. But then when my companion types as well, their name tag is like superimposed on top of mine so its hard to read. Other than that, I'm not I'm not sure this is on purpose, but I was Yoda. And my companion was Darth Vader, but when you join the game, you're also Darth Vader. I don't know if that's on purpose.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:13  \
I don't think you are Darth Vader. I think it might have been another player.\
\
Participant #3  2:18  \
I mean, so I was yoda on the game. And then when you are the other person in the game you are darth vader.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:24  \
Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay.\
\
Participant #3  2:31  \
Any other? Yeah. Oh, yeah. When I signed up. If you go to the sign up page, I couldn't read the helper text on the form boxes. And then something that I wouldn't say was a bug more kind of a bit annoying was when I signed up, I signed up then had to log back in again. It wasn't very user friendly. I'm not sure that's a bug or you have done that on purpose.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:59  \
That's fine. Is there's anything elseor does  that cover everything?\
\
Participant #3  3:06  \
Anything else? I don't think so. Yeah, chat works all fine no issues with that. Or maybe the the chat and the game don't span across the full width of my screen.bI don't know if that's an issue anyway. Yeah, so I've got I've got my game in the chat. And then there's a white kind of margin. It's quite big.\
\
Robert Pringle  3:35  \
Yeah. And  just asking a question about other bugs was, did you get the bug where if you stood on a coin, you didn't? It didn't send you in one direction? side of the coin? If you stood in a coin, did it like send you like infinitely in one direction with your keys? \
\
Participant #3  3:57  \
No. \
\
Robert Pringle  3:58  \
 What was OS are on? \
\
Participant #3  4:01  \
Mac. The latest version of Mac OS, what ever that is.\
\
Robert Pringle  4:07  \
So and then, just the second last questions, any aspects of the game, which you think could be improved, like current aspects of the game, which, like you think?\
\
Participant #3  4:21  \
And I think it'd be good to know why I was collecting the coins. Although I thought that was fun. That didn't mean understand what the objective of the game was. So it could be more obvious that you can go into buildings. We didn't really find that out until the last couple minutes. So you have maybe before I start the game, maybe just a little instruction page or something saying Yeah, what my objective is why I'm collecting the coins. staking actually going buildings. Yeah. I found that pop ups a bit annoying. When when I picked up the coins. Yeah. And so maybe a little kind of toaster thing would be better. Yeah. Yeah. And that's about it, or not being able to see where I'm on the map. It would be good to have a wee mini map with the place where which says maybe the names of the places if you name your church\
\
Robert Pringle  5:21  \
That kind of moves on to the next question, because that's obviously for current like was the games do you think currently can be improved? But then the next question is do you have any like suggestions for like, further like features or stuff that hasn't been implemented yet? Or stuff you haven't seen? Like attempted?\
\
Participant #3  5:37  \
Yeah, definitely that mini map. What else could we have? Maybe be nice to choose my character? \
\
What else. Could you have maybe something telling me my coordinates in the top right hand corner or something? So then I could be fine typing to my companion, I could say, Oh, I'm at coordinates. x 5 y 20. So I can actually know where they are. Or maybe a little arrow which kind of points where they are. Okay, so you know, sometimes I found I lost the person I was playing with.\
\
Robert Pringle  6:22  \
Yeah, no, thank you very much just on like the point of like, coordinates and stuff. It's like that obviously, the game isn't like the game is specifically to help develop communication skills. So like, it is a really good idea, I'll definitely consider that. But a map, just so you my thought process in my head. It's like, if it's kind of vague, where you don't know where you are, and you don't know what the other person is, and you're trying to like communicate to meet up with that player, as you can like, make you like have to lik describe where you are.  But it's actually a good idea to be fair,\
\
Participant #3  7:09  \
developing communication skills, obviously, the chat will improve kind of your typing communication skills, if you have a feature, where, I don't know, every so often, you could, like record your voice, which you're the person could hear.\
\
Robert Pringle  7:27  \
That would be a good idea,\
\
Participant #3  7:28  \
but that would improve your life improve, like, accessibility and communication. Yeah.\
\
Robert Pringle  7:35  \
That'd be a good idea. I would have zero idea how to do it. Yeah, right. Well, thanks very much, and I'll just end the recording.\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}