{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:03  \
Thanks for participating in the game. So I've got like a few questions here at the end just to like gather your thoughts and might identify and things you enjoy, like what you think could be improved for any bugs you found and just so I can get like a better understanding of like your experience and how I can improve the game. And I'm just gonna ask a statement and it's gonna be I'm gonna ask you if you strongly agree agree neutral disagree or strongly disagree with the statement I found the game fun just so I can like gauge if you enjoyed it or not.\
\
Participant #4  0:34  \
Yeah, no, it was good. It was good fun working with the teammate to find all the coins, the communication was quite good.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:40  \
So would you say would you say you like would you say you like agreed or strongly disagree without\
\
Participant #4  0:45  \
actually I would say Strongly Agree, yeah.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:51  \
Thanks for the answer. So the second question is to just gauge which aspects of the game did you find fun? And which aspects of the games did you like, maybe not find as fun?\
\
Participant #4  1:04  \
Exploration aspect. I that's first time I've played on the map. And it was just good, just right around finding different nooks and crannies, like the caves. I thought they were quite fun. And then like the basements that you've gone, there are quite good. And things I didn't enjoy. There weren't many I actually did quite enjoy most of it. And maybe more recognition where you pick up a coin, rather than just an alert. So maybe update that a wee bit. But other than that, I thought it was a quite good overall game.\
\
Robert Pringle  1:38  \
Thank you. So just the third question here is, did you identify any bugs while playing the game? And if so, what were they? Because obviously, it just helps me.\
\
Participant #4  1:48  \
Yeah, there were a couple of bugs. And the first one, I assume you've heard about the login page. It was just the overlaying text and it was difficult to actually see what you're typing in. So what your username, your password, your email,\
\
Robert Pringle  2:03  \
Can I just clarify was this the registration or login page?\
\
Participant #4  2:07  \
I'm sorry, registration registration, yeah. Yeah. The other bug I realised was on the on the edge of the map, you've always got a line of trees to stop people from going out the map, but there is a little gap towards the right hand side. Yep, I can't remember exactly where but I can show you if you need. And there is a break in the way of trees that you can just walk through. And then you can go out the map. And you can see the whole map in general, like the different rooms you can get in. Yeah. And another one, I had was when you picked up a coin your keys were stuck. So you went the same direction. But that was easily fixed by pressing the direction button once more.\
\
Robert Pringle  3:01  \
now, just to clarify that one so when you were walking in one direction, and you picked up a coin you'd like infinitely go in that direction.\
\
Participant #4  3:10  \
Yeah, until I pressed that key again. Yeah. Other than that I don't think there were any other major bugs. Yeah.\
\
Robert Pringle  3:20  \
Thank you. So just fourth question here is like, I'm asking like, specifically, which aspects of the current game do you think could be improved, like, which like, like, I don't know, like stop like movement or something that's currently implemented, that you think you can see an improvement in?\
\
Participant #4  3:38  \
And I think overall movement is actually okay. And maybe seeing the other players would be a little better. Like, actually you're seeing, like, their character and their name properly, just right now it just says, I think test user, so maybe actually having that you can actually see who you're talking with and who you're with. Other than that I quite like it, and maybe a few more quests, a few more missions so to speak. But in our case, right now, I think it's quite good.\
\
Robert Pringle  4:09  \
So and just the last question here is, do you have like any suggestions for further features that haven't been currently implemented, or any just ideas for like, game or just like, just obviously prior, I explained to you the point of the project, like what it is trying to achieve. So is there wnaything you personally feel like things you like from other games that you think would be good in this game?\
\
Participant #4  4:35  \
Yeah, I think what you're saying was one of your main points in the project was for communication.  Like maybe a friends list. And so if you meet some person in one session, yeah. like my previous teammate in that game I played if I add him as a friend, I could play with him again. And then prove my communication with head as well.\
\
Robert Pringle  5:03  \
A friends list so you can see when people are online?\
\
Participant #4  5:05  \
Yeah, yeah exactly. I think and that may be different maps, but you can pick and choose But yeah, I think it's quite good.\
\
Robert Pringle  5:18  \
Well, yeah, thank you very much, do you have anything else? Any other comments or just any questions?\
\
Participant #4  5:24  \
No, I think I should cover the most of the things I want to say. But no, I think it is  actually quite a fun game  good gme to play\
\
Robert Pringle  5:32  \
Well thank you very much. I'll stop the recording.\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}