{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:00  \
Thanks for participating in the study. To the statement, I found the game fun. Would you say you strongly agree, agree? neutral? Disagree or strongly disagree?\
\
Participant #5  0:11  \
I would say neutral.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:12  \
But thank you. So for the game, which aspects? Would you say you found fun? And which aspects would you say you didn't find quite as fun.\
\
Participant #5  0:21  \
I found the teamwork fun. And the fact that there was a chat to speak to other people, but it didn't find it fun, like the layout, because I felt like there was a lot of places to get trapped. It was very stressful.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:37  \
And so just on to the next question here, did you identify any  bugs while playing against any errors or stuff that you kind of like knew that shouldn't be there\
\
Participant #5  0:48  \
I don't know if this was a bug, but I found two things. So I, sometimes my little character, would get stuck a lot. And I wouldn't be able to move it unless I like press three keys at one time. And it would just like kind of spin in circles.The other thing I found was that there was like certain doors you couldn't go into and I didn't know if that was a bug or if that was just like for decorative effect. \
\
Robert Pringle  1:18  \
Oh, yeah. But the doors that you can go into? They've just not been implemented yet. That goes on them. But yeah, yeah, they're going to be so just onto the penultimate question here. What aspects of the game currently, do you think could be improved?\
\
Participant #5  1:41  \
Um, I think maybe the layout in general was a bit confusing. So I didn't know if that was trying to confuse people to stop them finding the coins or not. But I thought maybe the general layout\
\
Robert Pringle  1:59  \
Can I ask what you mean by that. The general layout was just not knowing where everything was. So you've got\
\
Participant #5  2:05  \
Yeah all like the sameiness of like, the trees and the fact that it was like, all you could see was like trees and stuff. So you kind of didn't know where you were seeing but Whoa,\
\
Robert Pringle  2:15  \
okay. But thanks. And then just the last question here is, do you have any suggestions for like, further features, so stuff that hasn't hasn't even been implemented into the game yet? Like, a quest idea, or just anything that you think could be implemented?\
\
Unknown Speaker  2:30  \
Maybe like a villain chasing you, so like, like, Pac Man style, or like, you know, like in Mario, where Bowser is like trying to kill them the whole time? Just kind of up the ante of the game a little bit?\
\
Unknown Speaker  2:46  \
Well, that covers all the questions you have any anything else to say that those questions they cover is that\
\
Unknown Speaker  2:52  \
no, just that it was a fun game, very well done. slightly confusing, but very few glitches.\
\
Unknown Speaker  3:00  \
Thanks very much. Cheers for that. I'll just end the recording. Now.\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}