{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:00  \
But thank you for playing the game and filling in the survey. I've just got a few questions here to just like gauge what you enjoyed about the game and like anything that you think could be improved along those lines anyway. So with the first question here, how much do you? Well, for the statement, I found the game fun. Would you say you strongly agree, agree, are neutral, disagree or strongly disagree with a statement?\
\
Participant #3  0:29  \
Agree.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:30  \
Okay, cheers. So, for the next question here, I'm asking him what aspects of the games did you find fun? And which aspects Did you not find so fun?\
\
Participant #3  0:41  \
The chat was fun. And it was fun. You can like move around and like there's like different ways to go in. Okay, like you can like go in like houses and like the basement or whatever? Well, no, you couldn't go in first. I feel like church, whatever. And but then I didn't like that there was a map because I felt like you were just moving about and you had no idea. Like I still even after playing that have no idea how big is like I didn't, I didn't know what I was at any point. And like I I'm guessing that was on purpose for the coins. So you couldn't kind of toyed around with no, but um, yeah. Okay. After playing for 10 minutes, I don't even know whether it was like bigger, or there was like a lot more to it. So\
\
Robert Pringle  1:25  \
thank you. So for that question yours. Did you identify any bugs while playing the game?W\
\
Participant #3  1:33  \
hen I was making my username, the writings over the username thing. That's part of the game. And and then when you go over coin, you get like stuck going in like one way \
\
Robert Pringle  1:47  \
Wait. So is that another thing like when whatever direction you go on when you're going over the coin and send you in one direction, but infinitely \
\
Participant #3  1:54  \
I'm not sure what it was but we we were moving, we got stuck between trees. And there were some areas as well, where I felt like I've got stuff on the map. I think that's to do with. I don't know if that was a bug, to be honest. It was just for the trees or so. Yeah, I think that was it.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:13  \
The second last question here is what aspects of like currently in the game do you think could be improved? So kind of, I guess what you said about the mini map, I guess. \
\
Participant #3  2:21  \
Yeah, just the map. And maybe like, you could like choose your character.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:29  \
And then just last question here, so like, not on current features, but do you have any, like suggestions for further features? So stuff that hasn't been implemented yet at all?\
\
Participant #3  2:40  \
Just the map, I guess my default maybe like, if you had a map and like you could make like different areas with different like games or whatever.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:49  \
And then just have everything else which questions then cover, does that cover all?\
\
Participant #3  2:54  \
That covers all? Well, thank you very much. \
\
Robert Pringle  2:57  \
I'll just stop the recording. There.\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}