{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:00  \
So, thank you for participating in the game. I hope enjoyed it. I've just got, like four or five questions here to just ask you about your experience what you like or dislike what you think could be improved, etc. So, the first question is, how strongly Do you agree or disagree with that statement? I found the game fun. So I found the game fun. So would you say you strongly agree, agree? neutral? Disagree or strongly disagree?\
\
Participant #7  0:31  \
Say I agree.\
\
Robert Pringle  0:34  \
Sweet. Thank you. So just in general, which aspects of the game? Did you specifically find fun? Or which aspects of the game did you not find fun.\
\
Participant #7  0:45  \
And so I thought it was I mean, it's quite intuitive to use. Although I did try to I try to use WASD at the start instead of the arrow keys. To me a wee while to realise that it wasn't doing anything I as it started typing into the chat. And so once I figured out it was quite easy to use. And one thing I did notice, it was hard to like figure out where to go like the the gaps between some of the trees sometimes like, I should be able to go through it when I couldnt. And it was just like, the map was closed off way. I thought it was it was intuitive to like to go up ladders, and you can quite easily tell the doors and take you in somewhere else. That was all quite easy to tell. \
\
Robert Pringle  1:33  \
Did you identify any bugs while playing the game?\
\
Participant #7  1:40  \
Yeah. Okay. So yeah, that one with the window, the alert and then it sent you in whatever direction you'd been going when you picked up the coin. I think that was only one another one. Just like some things that you probably shouldn't have been able to walk over, you could like the flowerpots around the fountain. And also trees it looked like you were walking over the tree if you went over the top of it. And apart from that, just visual things really, nothing. Nothing major.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:09  \
Thank you. So what like so not as in like, new stuff to be added? Or the current features of stuff? What do you think could be improved, or like as rather than you could see, like, just needs like, I think personally, you would like to see improved in the game.\
\
Participant #7  2:27  \
So when I was there, I saw that there's chests and some of the rooms. And I think, like, in order to find all the coins, and the other participant and I had to communicate and be there is a coin here and a coin here. But I think rather than having us both pick up a coin, it may be a good idea to have a series of keys and chests. And I feel like that just maybe gives us another aspect to communicate. Rather than be like there is a coin here  a coin here. Maybe like one of us has to find a key and one of us get it out the chest or something. \
\
Robert Pringle  3:03  \
you say just a combination of instead of just  coins the ground, you have to find something to then find that. Okay.\
\
Participant #7  3:08  \
Yeah, just more things. Yeah.\
\
Robert Pringle  3:10  \
And just the last question here is. Any suggestions for further features? So just say suggestions for future features in the future?\
\
Participant #7  3:20  \
Maybe it maybe a voice chat. But I may make that may be quite good. And also, yeah, just more more complex, complicated tasks. On the same lines of what I was saying with the chest, just like things that require you to think a bit more.\
\
Robert Pringle  3:39  \
Yeah. Oh, yeah. So basically, just for like, future, so basically, the planners with the game is, that's the jsut like one quest. So I think there's gonna be two kind of scavenger hunt kind of quests. And then I will implement two quests where it's like, so see the mountain at the top? Yeah, I've got to like, implemented like, on a different version that that goes over to like the very top. But there's like a series of caves and ladders. And there's like, basically, there's gonna be a lot of different ways to go. And there's only one correct route, but it can be really hard to like, figure out just by guessing, if that makes sense. So basically, there's going to be like our instruction manual on the other side of the map, in which someone can read and communicate with, okay, and I mean, if you'd like, so they could say it says like, Oh, yes, or take like the first cave with the red mushroom or something outside of or some of that do you know what I mean. There'll be instructions, and they have to communicate with that person to then take. But anyway, that's just like some of the future things. But yeah, right. Is  there anything that those questions didn't cover or did youmentioned was that everything?\
\
Unknown Speaker  4:46  \
I think that's everything.\
\
Unknown Speaker  4:48  \
Well, thank you very much to stop the recording.\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}