{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert Pringle  0:08  \
Thanks for playing the game. So now I've just got a few questions regarding the game. So I can just get like a better understanding of like, how you enjoyed it. Like what what you enjoyed and what you think could be improved, etc. So, the first question here as well how strongly Do you agree or disagree with a statement? I found the game fun. Do you strongly agree? Agree? neutral? Disagree or strongly disagree?\
\
Participant #8  0:37  \
Mild agreement \
\
Robert Pringle  0:39  \
And then what specific aspects of the game did you find fun? And which aspects? Did you not find fun?\
\
Participant #8  0:46  \
I liked being Yoda. Okay. I didn't like that. I couldn't go into all of the house I liked finding coins \
\
Robert Pringle  1:03  \
Cheers. So did you identify any bugs while playing the game at all. And then if so what were they\
\
Participant #8  1:13  \
When I was making an account,  the put in a new username option like overlaps with what you're typing so you can't see what you've typed in. Then, when you log into the game, the name that appears above your head is well at first it was given me another player's name. Now, it has me with the other players name with my name overlaps on to that. And, and then every time I walked over coins, like they just kept going in that direction and I couldn't move. Okay.\
\
Robert Pringle  1:48  \
So it's not like when you let whatever direction you're going in when you picked up the coin, you infinitely,\
\
Participant #8  1:53  \
like kept going in that direction. And so that on the keyboards to, like, release that\
\
Robert Pringle  2:03  \
Was there any other bugs\
\
Participant #8  2:06  \
I could go off the map. \
\
Robert Pringle  2:22  \
sweet. Thanks very much. Now on to the second last question here as so which aspects currently in the game? Is there anything you think that you'd like currently be improved?\
\
Participant #8  2:41  \
Well, I don't know. Maybe had this like a sign at the fountain? Maybe you could interact with that and have it tell you what you're supposed to do? Yeah, cuz I don't you tell me what I was supposed to do. Yes.\
\
Robert Pringle  2:55  \
Sweet. And I just the last question here is Do you have any suggestion for like further features or quests or just like anything in general that like, you partially like seeing the game? Like,\
\
Participant #8  3:05  \
make it so you canfight things? Like kill an other player?\
\
Robert Pringle  3:09  \
So you want to kill other players? Is there anything else that you want to say that the questions are not brought up or is that everything\
\
Participant #8  3:26  \
that's everything\
\
Robert Pringle  3:28  \
Alright, cheers. I will stop the recording there\
\
Transcribed by https://otter.ai\
}